c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\obj\Debug\PhoneApp10.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\obj\Debug\PhoneApp10.g.resources
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp10.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp10.pdb
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp10.xap
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\MyToolkit.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\MyToolkit.Extended.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\de\MyToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\fr\MyToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\de\MyToolkit.Extended.resources.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\Bin\Debug\fr\MyToolkit.Extended.resources.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\obj\Debug\PhoneApp10.dll
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\obj\Debug\PhoneApp10.pdb
c:\users\nivesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp10\PhoneApp10\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
